BAC-6046: Support for X509-SVID Credential Provider (#223)
Aembit/terraform-provider-aembit: docs/data-sources/credential_providers.md

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)
- `value_type` (String)

<a id="nestedatt--credential_providers--x509_svid_certificate"></a>
### Nested Schema for `credential_providers.x509_svid_certificate`

Optional:

> - `standalone_certificate_authority` (String) Standalone Certificate Authority ID configured for this Credential Provider.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `standalone_certificate_authority` (String) Standalone Certificate Authority configured for this Credential Provider, otherwise the Tenant default CA will be used.
```

Read-Only:

- `id_kp_client_auth` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Extended Key Usage (EKU) for Client Authentication (id-kp-clientAuth) should be included in the certificate.
- `id_kp_server_auth` (Boolean) Indicates whether the Extended Key Usage (EKU) for Server Authentication (id-kp-serverAuth) should be included in the certificate.
- `key_usage` (String) X.509-SVID Certificate Key Usage (digitalSignature)

> - `lifetime_in_minutes` (Number) Lifetime of the Credential Provider in minutes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `lifetime_in_minutes` (Number) Lifetime of the generated X.509-SVID certificate in minutes.
```
